[pulsing music playing]
♪ ♪
[male newscaster] Breaking news,
reports are coming in
from all over the city
of widespread destruction.
[female newscaster] It appears
that Thomas Light's robotic
reinforcements have failed to stop
- his own rampaging machines.
- [Dr. Light gasps]
This doesn't make any sense, Rock.
Wily's turned Metal Man.
I swore the safety protocols, but--
Oh, never mind.
We have to try something else.
I'm ready. How can I help?
[sighs] Open Bay Six.
[soaring music playing]
Bomb Man? Dr. Light...
I know. But he's powerful enough
to stop the others.
Powerful enough to save Mega City.
Maybe this will shield him
from outside signals,
keep Wily from infecting
his cognitive circuit, like the others.
It'll work.
He's our last line of defense.
Maybe not the last.
I could fight.
Y-You could what?
I can go out there and fight them.
Rock.
- I made you because I needed--
- Help!
You made me to help.
- Let me help.
- In the lab, Rock.
Not out there. I mean,
against something this size?
[scoffs] I'm not letting you
throw your life away.
[quiet clinking nearby]
- [garbled chittering]
- Dr. Light!
Dr. Light!
[grunts] Hey, look out!
- Yah!
- Wh--
He's one of Wily's and it's going
for the cerebral controllers.
[both groan]
Ah!
[Rock grunting]
[device beeping]
[groans, grunts]
[beeping]
Run, Rock!
Run!
[exclaims]
Sorry.
- [grunts] Rock!
- [clangs]
No!
Dr. Light!
[grunts] I'm sorry...
[Dr. Light groaning]
I'm here, Rock.
- Are you okay, Doc?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry. Doc...
I'm s--
- [Rock screams]
- Oh!
Rock!
[shouts]
[panting]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
- No.
- You tried to tell me,
- I wasn't--
- Stop.
Rock...
[exhales]
What you just did was amazing.
I was wrong.
It doesn't matter what I made you for.
This is what you were meant for.
[hopeful music playing]
[intense music playing]
[triumphant grunt]
[Dr. Light] Hey.
Kid.
♪ ♪
[intense music playing]